Fix seed sensitivity of test_fastica_eigh_low_rank_warning (#29612)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.6.rst

  and automatic retries in case of HTTP errors. :pr:`29354` by :user:`Olivier
  Grisel <ogrisel>`.

:mod:`sklearn.decomposition`
............................

- |Fix| Increase rank defficiency threshold in the whitening step of

>   :class:`decomposition.FastICA` with `whiten_solver="eigh"` to improvement

Author: ```suggestion
  :class:`decomposition.FastICA` with `whiten_solver="eigh"` to improve the
```
